CommonScript: RelativeDatecheck (#9437)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_2_57.md

#### Scripts
##### RelativeDateCheck

> - This filter script compares the date provided on the left with the relative value (such as "1 day ago") on the right.

Reviewer: - 
```suggestion
- Added a new filter script which compares the date provided on the left with the relative value (such as "1 day ago") on the right.
```
